python input_python_program.py --line 0 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 10 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 12 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 14 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 16 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 18 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 20 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 22 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 24 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 26 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 28 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 30 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 32 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 34 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 36 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 38 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 40 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 42 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 44 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 46 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 48 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 50 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 52 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 54 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 56 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 58 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 60 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 62 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 64 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 66 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 68 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 70 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 72 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 74 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 76 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 78 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 80 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 82 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 84 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 86 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 88 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 90 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 92 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 94 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 96 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 98 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 1998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 2998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 3998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 4998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 5998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 6998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 7998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 8998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9000 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9002 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9004 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9006 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9008 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9010 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9012 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9014 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9016 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9018 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9020 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9022 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9024 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9026 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9028 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9030 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9032 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9034 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9036 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9038 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9040 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9042 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9044 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9046 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9048 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9050 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9052 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9054 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9056 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9058 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9060 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9062 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9064 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9066 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9068 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9070 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9072 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9074 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9076 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9078 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9080 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9082 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9084 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9086 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9088 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9090 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9092 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9094 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9096 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9098 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9100 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9102 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9104 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9106 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9108 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9110 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9112 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9114 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9116 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9118 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9120 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9122 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9124 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9126 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9128 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9130 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9132 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9134 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9136 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9138 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9140 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9142 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9144 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9146 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9148 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9150 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9152 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9154 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9156 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9158 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9160 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9162 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9164 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9166 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9168 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9170 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9172 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9174 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9176 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9178 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9180 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9182 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9184 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9186 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9188 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9190 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9192 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9194 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9196 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9198 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9200 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9202 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9204 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9206 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9208 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9210 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9212 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9214 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9216 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9218 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9220 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9222 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9224 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9226 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9228 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9230 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9232 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9234 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9236 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9238 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9240 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9242 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9244 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9246 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9248 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9250 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9252 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9254 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9256 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9258 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9260 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9262 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9264 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9266 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9268 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9270 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9272 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9274 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9276 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9278 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9280 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9282 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9284 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9286 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9288 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9290 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9292 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9294 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9296 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9298 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9300 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9302 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9304 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9306 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9308 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9310 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9312 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9314 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9316 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9318 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9320 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9322 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9324 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9326 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9328 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9330 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9332 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9334 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9336 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9338 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9340 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9342 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9344 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9346 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9348 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9350 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9352 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9354 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9356 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9358 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9360 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9362 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9364 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9366 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9368 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9370 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9372 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9374 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9376 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9378 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9380 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9382 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9384 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9386 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9388 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9390 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9392 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9394 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9396 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9398 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9400 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9402 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9404 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9406 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9408 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9410 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9412 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9414 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9416 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9418 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9420 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9422 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9424 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9426 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9428 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9430 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9432 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9434 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9436 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9438 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9440 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9442 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9444 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9446 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9448 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9450 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9452 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9454 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9456 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9458 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9460 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9462 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9464 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9466 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9468 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9470 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9472 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9474 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9476 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9478 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9480 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9482 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9484 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9486 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9488 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9490 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9492 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9494 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9496 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9498 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9500 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9502 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9504 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9506 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9508 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9510 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9512 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9514 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9516 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9518 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9520 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9522 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9524 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9526 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9528 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9530 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9532 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9534 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9536 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9538 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9540 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9542 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9544 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9546 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9548 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9550 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9552 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9554 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9556 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9558 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9560 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9562 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9564 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9566 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9568 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9570 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9572 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9574 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9576 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9578 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9580 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9582 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9584 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9586 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9588 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9590 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9592 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9594 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9596 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9598 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9600 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9602 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9604 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9606 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9608 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9610 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9612 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9614 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9616 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9618 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9620 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9622 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9624 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9626 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9628 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9630 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9632 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9634 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9636 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9638 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9640 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9642 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9644 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9646 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9648 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9650 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9652 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9654 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9656 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9658 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9660 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9662 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9664 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9666 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9668 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9670 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9672 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9674 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9676 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9678 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9680 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9682 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9684 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9686 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9688 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9690 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9692 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9694 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9696 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9698 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9700 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9702 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9704 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9706 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9708 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9710 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9712 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9714 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9716 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9718 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9720 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9722 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9724 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9726 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9728 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9730 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9732 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9734 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9736 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9738 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9740 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9742 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9744 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9746 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9748 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9750 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9752 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9754 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9756 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9758 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9760 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9762 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9764 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9766 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9768 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9770 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9772 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9774 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9776 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9778 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9780 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9782 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9784 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9786 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9788 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9790 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9792 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9794 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9796 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9798 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9800 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9802 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9804 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9806 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9808 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9810 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9812 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9814 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9816 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9818 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9820 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9822 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9824 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9826 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9828 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9830 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9832 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9834 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9836 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9838 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9840 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9842 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9844 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9846 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9848 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9850 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9852 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9854 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9856 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9858 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9860 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9862 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9864 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9866 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9868 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9870 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9872 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9874 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9876 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9878 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9880 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9882 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9884 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9886 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9888 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9890 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9892 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9894 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9896 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9898 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9900 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9902 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9904 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9906 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9908 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9910 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9912 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9914 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9916 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9918 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9920 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9922 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9924 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9926 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9928 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9930 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9932 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9934 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9936 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9938 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9940 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9942 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9944 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9946 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9948 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9950 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9952 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9954 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9956 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9958 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9960 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9962 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9964 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9966 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9968 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9970 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9972 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9974 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9976 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9978 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9980 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9982 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9984 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9986 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9988 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9990 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9992 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9994 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9996 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
python input_python_program.py --line 9998 --input_file1 ONLYGOOD.csv --input_file2 ONLYGOODRAW.csv
